Meet Matt

Matt Cartwright has spent his entire career sticking up for working people, first as a trial attorney and now as the congressman in Pennsylvania’s Eighth District. He is a fighter for all hardworking northeastern Pennsylvanians, standing up to corporate special interests and Washington insiders to lower prices, protect and expand access to health care, and grow our local economy.

Matt was named one of the most effective Democrats in Congress for his ability to work across the aisle and get things done. From bringing a new $6 billion gas plant to northeastern Pennsylvania that will turn shale gas into car gas, creating jobs and lowering prices at the pump, to advocating for better wages and economic security for middle class Americans and high-quality care for our veterans, Matt is putting our community first.

Since taking office in 2013, Matt has introduced more legislation supported by both Democrats and Republicans than any other House Democrat. The Center for Effective Law Making named him one of the most effective members of the U.S. House for his record of advancing real solutions to the biggest issues our nation faces. During his time in Congress, Matt has sponsored bills with members of both parties that protect low-income veterans from being scammed out of their hard-earned benefits, prevent government officials from using taxpayer dollars on personal expenses, and safeguard the rights of child pornography victims.

As chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee for Commerce, Justice and Science, Matt has ensured the federal government is deeply invested in northeastern Pennsylvania by bringing home more federal investment than any other member of Congress from the state. He has provided funding for economic development, public safety, substance abuse treatment and key infrastructure projects. 

He has also used his capacity as chairman to ensure northeastern Pennsylvania received funding for workforce development projects. Additionally, he supported legislation to bring jobs to the area’s growing economy and clean up water pollution from abandoned mines.

Matt lives in Moosic with his wife, Marion, and they have two sons, Jack and Matthew.