Why I'm Running
Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi are destroying our economy, destroying the rule of law, and disregarding the values that have made our nation great.

Our congressman, Matt Cartwright, is going along with it.
Liberal “leadership” has been catastrophic for NEPA. Biden and Cartwright are trying to run our country into the ground through their mishandling of COVID, to runaway inflation, to the trillions in wasteful government spending from Biden and Cartwright while families are struggling to make ends meet.

I am running for Congress to STOP the Biden-Cartwright agenda in its tracks and to save our country from the socialist ideology that is currently controlling Washington, D.C. I have spent my career focused on getting government out of the way to allow small businesses to thrive and create good jobs with good wages for all Pennsylvanians. I was honored to be appointed by President Trump to his administration where I worked to help American businesses create manufacturing jobs and rebuild America's industrial heartland.

70% of Americans believe our country is on the wrong track right now because of the economic hardships brought about by the Biden-Cartwright agenda. If we are going to correct course as a nation then we need to end the wasteful spending on socialist agenda items, rebuild our domestic energy production (starting right here in Pennsylvania), and get government out of the way so you can pursue the American Dream for yourself and your family.

Meet Jim
Jim Bognet was born and raised in Hazleton,Pennsylvania, in a big Italian-Irish family, surrounded by dozens of uncles, aunts, and cousins in a tight-knit community at Most Precious Blood Catholic Church.

After graduating from Penn State University on a full academic scholarship, Jim earned a law degree and MBA at UCLA.

A small business owner and conservative policy advisor, Jim has spent his career fighting for conservative values and developing conservative economic policy solutions to expand opportunity and prosperity, keep government out of our lives and businesses, and invest in American families, workers, and businesses.

In 2017, Jim was appointed to a senior position in the Trump Administration in Washington, D.C., focused on expanding American manufacturing, creating jobs, and supporting small businesses.

The son of a teacher and local construction company owner, Jim’s family and upbringing embody the hardworking, blue-collar roots of Northeast Pennsylvania. Jim is proud to have had one grandfather, an Italian immigrant coal miner, a grandmother (Army), and a grandfather (Navy) who served abroad in World War II in Europe and the Pacific.

In Congress, Jim will fight to empower American families and small businesses, unleash American energy independence, and create good jobs at good wages.


